This “Mobile Security Awareness Training Software” project aimed to design and develop a desktop application that tests the user’s knowledge of cyberattacks against mobile devices and protection against them. The project aimed to include a functioning quiz game, a connection to a database for storing and retrieving user info and scores, various pages within the application for different settings, and a leaderboard. The development of the training software used Java as the primary programming language, and JavaFX was used for the graphical user interface of the application. NetBeans (Apache Netbeans 20) was used as the integrated development environment, and SQL was used for the database management system managed by phpMyAdmin. A GitHub repository was used to allow all members to contribute to the application’s programming remotely, and Google Docs was utilized to work concurrently on “Software Design Specification” and “Software Design Specification” documentation for the software. The software was tested using unit testing on various features in isolation and integration testing to view how all components work together. Additionally, numerous use case scenarios were examined to ensure that features worked as intended for the different actions that users were intended to be able to make. The outcome of the software development was a quiz game that met the goals set by the project. The intended features were developed and implemented, then tested and adjusted as needed, resulting in the finished software product. Overall, the project allowed our team to learn about creating a software product, its necessary documentation, and any obstacles in the process through hands-on experience. The project allowed our team to understand the importance of working collaboratively and making efficient use of time regarding software development as a team.
